University of Pittsburgh Experiment Exchange

-- Help File --


For All Users:
	To ensure the best user experience, please view Experiment Exchange using Google Chrome.

For Participants:
	
	From the main page, click View Studies. This will take you to a list of all current studies.
	From the interface, you are able to search by keyword, title, or description, as well as 
	filtering searches by experiment length, compensation, and timeframe. 
	
	You may view more information for a specific study by clicking on that study in the list. 
	If you wish to view the complete information for the study, click Expand to open a window 
	with all data provided for that study. To subscribe to a study, please click the RSS icon 
	and subscribe using your preferred RSS reader.
	
	There is no need to log in. Your information will only be collected when you wish to contact 
	a researcher. If you contact a researcher, the information you provide will be saved for the 
	researcher's records.


For Researchers:
	
	** To request an account, please email administrator@pittexp.com **
	
	After log in, you will be directed to your home page. Here you will find a list of all 
	studies you have submitted to Experiment Exchange. From this list, you can edit studies 
	or add a new study. The resulting pop up allows you to edit every field, and your changes 
	will be applied automatically on submit. 
	
	To incorporate Google Calendars, you need to first create the calendars at 
	http://calendar.google.com. In order for participants to be able to view your calendar, 
	you must make it public. This can be set when you create the calendar, or an existing 
	private calendar can be made public. To update an existing calendar, select the calendar 
	from the list of "My Calendars" in the Google Calendar interface. In the drop-down menu 
	for the calendar you wish to edit, select "Share this Calendar." This menu allows you 
	to set a calendar to public or private, as well as specifying what information will be shared.
	
	You may choose to enter the same calendar into both public and private fields if you set the 
	calendar to share only free/busy information or if there is not sensitive data stored in the 
	calendar. If you will be using Google Calendar to maintain a study schedule including 
	identifying information, please be sure to make a public version of your calendar that 
	the participants will be able to view.

